Hello dear friends Swami Nik and
Welcome to maynkrafte blue
show just awesome table and chair
minecraft without mods and without a plugin here
like that
awesome on it you can sit yes
real , let's say so
plate on which you can put food
and she'll eat you and give seems
regeneration for a couple of seconds I don't know
well , somehow
but this is in regeneration but here here
such a map here we have this map link
the card will be in the description and this card is not
my built it again what
american guy
here by the way that's how it all looks
awesome on the moon
so here are so many mechanisms and here
why card will be exactly card in
description they are all commands from i will tell you
that all teams will be in the description then this
delayed another day for 2 yes and yes she is on
versions 1818 one can eat on versions
and no i don't know i didn't check was
very busy well probably because I
called with jubisofty asked to make a new
the part that will be called
assassin's creed what
outcast unity black flag brotherhood yes
and I'm talking to them so much shorter on the phone
what they say is not a video to do thread pancake
it's very urgent so run things and and
yes after that I got a call
Rokstarovtsy and said help us do
gta 5 go without you we can not cope but
I refused them so Satan bye
Well, I gave them a shorter refusal and said
people damn yes not to go nuts and you give me a video
need to do and and that's why there
contains gta on while this is a turn
all true truth yes well what here
Here we have already shown here
such a mechanism
this is a table and you know to be honest
the secret
why I think so
so by the way, yes, I guess neither
one will be interested and
so you put a saddle and armor here
armor honestly nothing will be me
still demonstrate it so come on
sit down so well sit down both
and I don't know maybe this is blue
gizmo is armor but but no armor on
it is not visible, I thought it would be visible armor
but sadness longing
no armor Well here's a
Today was the release just awesome
really chair this awesome moans over
they worked for a very long time if
liked this video if it helped you
this video then put like and
subscribe to the channel and you had a nickname
all good luck to all until